[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We need to give
people the information.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
Our guest today, Bob Wood, PhD.
Dr. Wood is a physicist, worked
for McDonnell Douglas years
ago--
McDonnell Douglas, of
course, the aircraft company
that was purchased by Boeing.
They were based in St. Louis.
Bob was always based
in the California area.
What an amazing career he
has had in the industry.
But somehow along
the line, he decided
to get involved in research
of extraterrestrials, UFOs,
secret documents.
He's working now with
William Tompkins,
who is a whistleblower
about these very subjects.
Bob, welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>ROBERT WOOD:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Looking
forward to this.
How does a physicist go
from just pure physics,
working with McDonnell Douglas
corporation at the time,
start investigating
government documents, UFOs,
and very strange anomalies?
>>WOOD: Well, that's
actually a two-part story.
It begins when my
father told me that if I
wanted to be a
better engineer, I
ought to get a PhD in physics.
So I went to Cornell.
>>NOORY: He was right.
>>WOOD: So I became then
an ordinary engineer
at Douglas Aircraft Company.
And the first job that I had
was protecting the Nike Zeus
missile against getting too
hot by putting Teflon on it.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WOOD: And the second job I
had was, in effect, managing
the independent research and
development program so that we
could train our
scientists, engineers
to speak well and write
well to get their scores
high so we could
get good indirect.
The third job that I had was
the Ballistic Missile Defense
Program.
And that resulted in
my having some access
to top secret material.
And then the last one was to
work on the International Space
Station, try to make it
cheaper, better, sooner,
or safer using
advanced technology.
But in the process,
just before I
started to work on
ballistic missile defense,
I was in a meeting
with some executives.
And they said, well, we don't
normally hear you, Dr. Wood.
Give your presentation, he said.
Tell us what you've been
doing that's been interesting.
And I said, well, you're
not going believe this,
but the fact of
the matter is I've
read 50 books about
UFOs in the last year.
And the only thing that's
uncertain in my mind
is whether we
figure out how they
work before or after our
competitor, Lockheed.
And there was a
moment of silence.
And one of the VPs
said, "what do you
think it would take
to look into that?"
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WOOD: And so the
net result was they
authorized a little project.
We had about six
people working on it.
And in the next
year and a half, we
spent a half million dollars.
>>NOORY: Through
McDonnell Douglas?
>>WOOD: Through
McDonnell Douglas.
And we set up a
laboratory in a van
and hired a guy who
knew the subject.
Was a researcher.
His name was Stan Friedman.
>>NOORY: Know him well.
>>WOOD: That's right.
>>NOORY: My first
radio interview
when I was 21 years
old, a long time ago.
>>WOOD: Then we hired
detectives to interview people
and we spun magnets
in a laboratory.
And the net result was
after a year and a half,
we knew exactly one thing.
And that is how fast we
were spending the money.
But we had no idea how close
we were getting to the answer.
So we scrapped the project.
And actually, the
company, rather than
to tell the government what
we'd been doing with the money,
paid for it out of profits.
So the government never knew
about this little project,
which in effect,
was unsuccessful.
So that was my first involvement
in the subject of UFOs.
And from then on, I
joined MUFON and all
the other UFO organizations--
APRO-- and began to
get the literature.
>>NOORY: At any time, were the
executives at McDonnell Douglas
a little concerned about this
kind of research or anything?
Or were they in it 100%?
>>WOOD: Oh, they were in it.
They wanted us to
keep it secret.
So we had a Douglas
private classification,
the equivalent of top secret.
And the word spread
we were doing
a little project like this.
And some of the conventional
people pooh-poohed it and said,
you're wasting your time.
And it turned out we
really were because we
didn't learn anything.
>>NOORY: Why not?
Why couldn't you learn anything?
>>WOOD: Well, because we didn't
have access to the craft.
And I think that's
the difference,
is that when we were working on
this project in late 1968, '69,
in my judgment, the real
people who had been recovering
crashed flying saucers had
been analyzing and figured out
how they work.
So when I was trying to
figure out how they worked,
my guess is the government
had already figured that out.
>>NOORY: You're convinced they
had retrieved crashed saucers?
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
No question about it.
But the answer to
your question, how
did I get involved
in authenticating
the documents and that sort
of thing, that was much later.
See, after I retired in 1993--
>>NOORY: You never retire, Bob.
You know that.
>>WOOD: [LAUGHS] I had
43 years with one company
and I've had 25 years as
an author and a researcher.
But about a year after I
had left McDonnell Douglas,
Stan Friedman called me up.
And he said, Bob, he says, I
know you don't have anything
to do because you're retired.
But he said, I've
got access to--
I've got a fax of a document
that seems pretty interesting.
He said, it's a special
operations manual.
And are you interested
in authenticating it?
I said, yeah, I am.
So I went to Washington,
where Don Berliner
had this copy of the
special operations manual
and made high quality
photographs of it,
and then replicated it.
And it turned out
that I wound up
being pretty convinced
that it was authentic
because I talked to a guy who
was in the public printing
office.
And he looked at it and he said,
well, based on the content,
I'd say it's a hoax.
Because of the title, it was
"Extraterrestrial Entities
and Technology,
Recovery, and Disposal."
Basically, it was
a summary of how
we'd had a secret program,
Majestic 12, to recover
the craft and what to do and how
to keep the public in the dark
and where to send the
bodies and stuff like that.
>>NOORY: Did it seem outrageous
when you were reading it?
>>WOOD: Well, it was exciting.
I wouldn't say outrageous
because I had already
been convinced that they
were here and they were real,
and there were probably a couple
of different kinds of them.
So I was in harmony with
the content of the document.
Figured that's
exactly what you would
want to do if you wanted to
keep the public in the dark.
So that was the beginning.
Then after that, Stan
Friedman called me again.
And he said he'd been
hearing from a guy
by the name of Tim
Cooper, who said
he was getting lots of
documents from whistleblowers.
Was I interested in
going to interview him
because I lived closer to him?
He lived in Big Bear Lake.
And Stan lives in Canada.
>>NOORY: Canada, yeah.
>>WOOD: So I said,
well, sure, Stan.
Your first suggestion
was interesting.
Let's try the second one.
So I went and I visited
this guy, Tim Cooper,
who showed me more and
more and more documents.
Wound up with 51 top secret
documents that he had received.
>>NOORY: And did you
authenticate most of them?
>>WOOD: Well, it was hard
to authenticate any of them,
actually, because they came
from various sources, maybe
eight different sources,
that were making them.
And one source, he said,
guy showed up in a truck
and had an armful of books.
And a lot of them
were unclassified,
but they were just
material that clearly
had been kept in
a vault somewhere
and the guy wanted
to get rid of them.
Some of them were classified
and some of them were not.
>>NOORY: If some of these
documents were fraudulent,
why would they be made?
Who would make them
and leak them out
into sources like Stan Friedman?
>>WOOD: I'd like to
answer that question
by saying that I don't think
hardly any of these documents
are fraudulent.
>>NOORY: You don't?
>>WOOD: No.
I'd say maybe a tenth
of a percent, though.
If I've got 51 top
secret documents,
I'd say maybe one of them
is fraudulent or one of them
might have--
>>NOORY: Wow.
So 50 would be authentic?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
I mean, we're talking about
the stamps, the consistency
with the other documents
of the same time era
that you can get
from the archives.
And in one case,
I have a document
where it's a carbon
copy, original carbon
copy of a so-called burn memo.
And you can get, carbon
copy, you can do things
like authenticating the
font selection and that sort
of thing.
I've hired a question
document examiner
to use the same techniques
you'd use in a court of law.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: And I'm basically
satisfied that essentially all
of these documents that
came from Timothy Cooper
are authentic.
That doesn't mean
that they're all true.
In some cases, I think that
the people who were involved
put in special keys to let
them know who is leaking them.
In other words, put
in a special word
or mark to identify one
document from another.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
William Tompkins, of
course, is a whistleblower.
He has talked about a
secret space program.
As a matter of fact, he
did it on the Gaia TV
show, "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS:
It's '42, 1942.
The war is on.
Rico Botta, his hobby is
sending these Navy operatives
into Germany.
They've been going
all over Germany
and they're staggered
at what they found.
They found that
Hitler and the SS
made an agreement with
reptilian extraterrestrials.
They found hundreds of different
types of advanced weapons being
built. These included 60-foot
and 250-foot, 500-foot UFOs,
round vehicles, OK, UFOs.
>>NOORY: Bob, is that real?
>>WOOD: I think it's real.
Yeah, Bill Tompkins
and I met in 2009.
Because by then, I had kind of
a reputation of being a question
document examiner and had
a reputation, apparently,
of some integrity.
And so I'd occasionally
get a phone call
from people who want to
tell me their UFO story.
And normally, I'd
say, "hey, I'm not
interested in what
you saw last night,
but do you have any
documents that relate to it?"
And I almost hung up on Bill
when he said he didn't really
have a lot of documents.
But he did say he worked at
Douglas Aircraft Company.
And I said, well, what time?
>>NOORY: Your ears popped up.
>>WOOD: Yeah, that's right.
And so it turned out
that he worked for a guy
that I worked for, in
effect, Elmer Wheaton,
was a VP of a group.
And Wolfgang Klemperer,
or called Klemp,
was actually the boss
of my boss's boss.
>>NOORY: All legit people.
>>WOOD: Yeah, right.
And he had copies of memos
to people that I knew.
And he claims that he was
involved in a secret think tank
there.
And so I had heard
about think tanks.
And later on, I realized
that when he told me a story,
that apparently the secret
think tank that he was in
was involved in
interacting with the Navy.
And Elmer Wheaton
and Klemperer were
the people who were
involved in this think tank.
Well, Elmer Wheaton
left to go to Lockheed.
>>NOORY: Aha.
Did he take some valuable
information with him?
>>WOOD: Well, we don't
know what he took,
but I do know that he
laughed in hindsight.
I would speculate that he
was the contact with the Navy
program, and the Navy
wanted to continue it
and Douglas Aircraft didn't
want to because I think
their senior management
didn't know anything
about the level of secrecy
that they were involved in.
But anyway, there
was no question
but what Bill Tompkins
was genuine and real,
and had been where he
said he was at that time.
So I was interested in his
story and he told me, well,
he'd try to write
his autobiography.
And I said, well,
how is that going?
It turns out that the
background on Bill
is that when he
was a kid, he was
very good at memorizing things.
And so he made little
sketches of the ships
in Long Beach harbor,
San Pedro harbor,
and made models of them.
And those models were
in a department store.
And the Navy came by
and saw these models
were classified because it
showed the radar locations.
>>NOORY: And there
they are, right?
>>WOOD: That's right.
So they got a hold of
him and encouraged him
and kept track of him.
So as soon as he became 17 or
18 or whatever it was, bingo,
he went through basic training.
He was assigned--
>>NOORY: They took him.
>>WOOD: --to San Diego.
And after he'd been
there about a month,
all of a sudden he
got a call to go
be in a room with the
admiral, Rico Botta,
in the middle of the night, and
listened to stories from Navy
spies who had spoken German and
were coming back from Germany.
So he did that for
about four years.
And his job was a career.
Basically, he was responsible
for taking the completed
documents and deliver them
to other Navy installations,
as well as the universities.
>>NOORY: And these documents
purported exactly what?
>>WOOD: Each one
was a separate one.
>>NOORY: But they were dealing
with extraterrestrials?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
The story, of course, is as you
say, well, it's beyond belief.
>>NOORY: It is beyond belief.
>>WOOD: That's right.
But basically, what he
was hearing firsthand
from these spies,
was that the Germans
had made a deal with some
aliens in the '30s, late '30s.
>>NOORY: And they believed
that this was going on?
>>WOOD: Well, the admiral
didn't believe a word of it
and neither did the spies.
They said, I can hardly believe
this, but this is what I saw.
This is what I thought.
So they were all written up.
And he would deliver
these to various people.
One of the people
he delivered them to
was a think tank at Douglas
Aircraft Company, which existed
right after the Battle of LA.
And what he told
me was he thought--
I can't prove this--
but he thought
as a result of the Battle
of LA, where we shot down
a couple of UFOs, I think
it's been concluded,
that after that, there was
information given to Donald W.
Douglas, who was in charge.
And they set up this
little think tank
to deal with the issue of UFOs.
And apparently, Bill Tompkins
was, on one occasion,
at least--
he's had several-- he
delivered these documents
to that facility at Douglas.
And then later, 10 years
later when he came back
to work at that
same think tank, he
saw some of the same stuff he
had delivered 10 years before.
>>NOORY: Being developed?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Anyway, that's the gist
of why his story is
so exciting, and at
least up to that point
when he was at Douglas Aircraft.
>>NOORY: What's so
compelling, Bob,
is the fact that government
working in collusion with some
of the companies and
corporations on some
of these technologies
and documents
and stuff, why would the
Nazis lose the war if they
had that kind of relationship
with extraterrestrials
who are giving them
feedback and information?
And then what does that
tell you about the ETs who
would deal with the Nazis
and all the atrocities
that they had done?
>>WOOD: Yeah, that's an
excellent question because most
people I talk to,
including my wife,
have great difficulty believing
me that the Nazis lost the war.
And actually the
part of the Nazis
lost the war,
Hitler never really
had inside access to the
UFO programs in Antarctica.
They told him they had a safe
place for him to go in case
he got captured.
But they were developing
400-passenger submarines,
according to Bill, to
take the technology
and everything relating to the
UFO technology to Antarctica.
And that was the Navy.
I guess it was the German
Navy, not the Nazi Navy.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: The German
Navy was really
the ones who were in
charge of the program.
And they decided, whether or not
they liked the people or not,
as they got to escape.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>WOOD: If they didn't like
them, then they didn't go.
>>NOORY: What would
possess ETs that
were supposed to be
benevolent to deal with people
like the Nazis, who killed off
six million Jews and things
like that?
Wouldn't these ETs know, who
are we dealing with here?
>>WOOD: Well, the one thing that
impressed me about Bill's story
is it clearly, he said,
there were two kinds of ETs,
the good guys and the bad guys.
And the Nordics
were the good guys
and the Reptilians
were the bad guys.
>>NOORY: And they were the
ones dealing with the Nazis?
>>WOOD: The
Reptilians, ultimately,
were the ones the Nazis were
in best partnership with.
>>NOORY: All right,
that makes sense.
>>WOOD: Because the Reptilians'
goal and the Nazis' goal
were analogous in a way.
Reptilians, according to Bill,
want to conquer other planets
and induce slavery,
whereas the Nordics really
want to make the
world a better place.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
Bill Tompkins went public?
>>WOOD: I think there's
two possibilities.
One is, I think he may
have been encouraged
to go public by the Nordics.
He sort of claims
that he still has
occasional interaction,
psychically perhaps,
with the Nordics.
But also, I think
the Navy League
has a position that
is, in some ways,
maybe more powerful
than the Navy.
My judgment is that
the people he's
been dealing with
in the Navy League
have contacts that are
more powerful than what
the normal Navy has.
>>NOORY: Navy, yeah.
>>WOOD: For example, Bill
claims that the Navy has
an annual meeting in San Diego.
And he goes to
this all the time.
And he signs up.
He's shown me his
badges for admission.
And he says when he goes
there, he sometimes, he
gets into a top secret meeting
without people challenging him
at all.
In other words,
somehow, he's been
approved to go into
the top secret stuff.
And I don't know how that works.
>>NOORY: They
endorsed him already.
>>WOOD: Yeah, somebody does.
So I think the
answer has two parts.
I think Nordics may
be encouraging him.
And I think that--
>>NOORY: Still?
>>WOOD: --and the
Navy League has.
And I think he,
personally, like me,
believes that the whole
truth should come out.
My goal is to get the truth out.
And that's why I do what I do,
is I'm interested in the truth.
I don't care what it is.
>>NOORY: At this
point, because you've
been doing this
for so many years,
what would you
conclude about what's
happening here in this
entire field of ufology?
>>WOOD: I was on the
MUFON board of directors
for about 24 years.
And last year was my last year.
I said, I've got to get off
and do what I want to do.
[CHUCKLES]
And they asked me,
did I have an opinion?
And I said, well,
I think we ought
to have a conference where we
focus on what the truth might
be and forget focusing
on the lights in the sky.
I mean, if there
are aliens here,
let's find out why they're
here, how many are there,
or what do they want.
Are we-- should we be scared?
And there were rumors that might
have been secret space program.
What I've concluded is
that without any doubt
in my mind, after we started
to get the parts in 1942,
we began the process of
reverse engineering them.
And we were amazingly
more successful in that
than most people
think because we
had help from some of the
Nazis who really knew it--
one guy, who helped build the
first one in 1924 in Germany.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>WOOD: Who actually
came over on Paperclip
and was assigned the
Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
>>NOORY: He was with the Wernher
von Braun group, I guess,
right?
>>WOOD: That's right.
Yeah, the Paperclip group.
So I think we've
been vastly more
successful in reverse
engineering them
than most people realize.
And so that's consistent with
what Bill Tompkins said when he
was in this think tank in 1954.
He was drawing sketches of one,
two kilometer-long cigars that
were supposedly going
to be built by the Navy.
>>NOORY: From alien technology?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
They figured out how it worked.
And the one thing that
really I think was remarkable
because it's so
simple and simplistic,
is that Bill says
that the first craft
to go into orbit using alien
technology was a submarine.
What they did is they took
out the nuclear power plant
that they had and replaced it
with anti-gravitational power
plant.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: Closed it all
up, turned on the juice.
>>NOORY: And off they went.
>>WOOD: Off they went.
So that's what he says.
>>NOORY: Remarkable.
>>WOOD: And I think
it's quite possible
that they did that way before
the Air Force and the CIA
and the other people ever got
their stuff going at Area 51.
>>NOORY: No wonder
McDonnell Douglas
wanted to get to the
bottom of this stuff, huh?
>>WOOD: Right, right.
Anyway, it's so much fun to
hear these direct statements
and imagine there's some
possibility that they're
exactly true.
>>NOORY: Are you convinced
at this time, Bob,
that we have a secret
space program going on?
>>WOOD: Oh yeah, I am.
Yeah.
I'm more and more convinced
because of the fact
that a recent book, two
books by Michael Salla,
turned out to be highly
correlated with the work
that I did--
or the book that Bill
Tompkins published,
"Selected by Extraterrestrials."
And Bill said he
thought that he was
going to be the
first one to release
the story of the
secret space program
when he was on Gaia
TV with David Wilcock.
So when this other book
came out by Michael Salla,
I bought an extra copy,
just pushed the button.
He says, you know.
[LAUGHS]
So I mailed it to him.
And he opened it up and read it.
And he called me up a couple
of days later and said, wow.
He says, this is amazing.
He says, because I
thought I was going
to be the first one to reveal
the secret space programs.
And that's when he
and Corey and David
started comparing their notes.
The thing that intrigues
me is the claims
that have been made
in books recently
that we got to Mars with the
Russians in 1962 and 1964.
We had a successful base.
And the obvious question
that struggles in my mind
is, well, how did we
bypass the CIA and the KGB
and get that done?
>>NOORY: That's right.
Unless they are in
cahoots with us.
>>WOOD: Right.
So it's one possibility
that the KGB and the CIA
were able to just have their
counterintelligence people do
that.
>>NOORY: With people
like Tompkins,
who are known
whistleblowers, how
are they allowed to do
that without something
nefarious happening, let's say?
>>WOOD: There are
some whistleblowers
who do get stopped.
I mean, for instance,
Linda Moulton Howe
was talking to anonymous.
And after she began
her conversations,
in what, 1999 or so, she started
to get phone calls saying,
don't do this.
>>NOORY: Strange calls, that's
right, threatening calls.
>>WOOD: Yeah, threatening calls.
So maybe it depends on
the person, the situation.
Actually, Bill Tompkins
claims that none
of the data that
he ever delivered
was classified or
stamped with a caveat.
The Navy decided not to
stamp it, it was so secret.
So they just delivered
it, unclassified pages.
And so it's possible
that if you take the oath
and go through the
process of being approved
for a specific
program, that you are
under greater
control and scrutiny,
with respect to
leaking your story.
>>NOORY: Would
you say that based
on your career investigating
this, that this is absolutely
authentic, that we have had
crashed material we've reverse
engineered, there may be
an ongoing relationship
with extraterrestrials, and
we're being visited today?
>>WOOD: Well, actually, you
had four parts in that comment.
[CHUCKLES] First, I
would say, yes, there's
no question that we've
had crash retrievals.
And my son, Ryan
Wood, actually wrote
a book called "Majic Eyes
Only," identified 74 of them.
>>NOORY: Good book, by the way.
>>WOOD: With respect
to whether there
have been successful
reverse engineering,
I would say yes, for the reasons
of the various testimonies
and witnesses that we've had.
With respect to whether or not
we have created a secret space
program, that's a little
more beyond belief
because there is a problem of
how many people would have been
involved in building the stuff.
You must have had
1,000 or so people.
>>NOORY: Thousands of people.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
But on the other
hand, the argument's
been made that the Manhattan
Project had 130,000 people
and none of them leaked
the story effectively.
And so they were able
to keep it secret.
There's a process of
keeping secrets, actually.
That's the paper I'll be giving
at the upcoming MUFON meeting,
is how do they keep it secret?
>>NOORY: That's not easy.
>>WOOD: Yeah, that's right.
It's kind of a
seven-step process.
First, you hide the money, using
your unacknowledged special
access programs.
Second, you make it illegal
to be able to testify.
And that's where the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance
Act of 1978 comes in.
If you want to tell your story,
you have to go to a court
where the proceedings
are secret.
And then, they compartmentalize
it so that what goes on here
is separated from
what goes on there.
Then, they do some
pre-selection of whether or not
they're going to clear you.
They ask your neighbors, what
kind of a person is this?
So they make sure that
you're an honest person.
And then, when you get signed
up, you sign a document saying,
I understand it'll be a $50,000
fine or 10 years in jail
if I leak any of this.
And besides that, when people
sign up to this, as I did,
they have a loyalty.
Basically, they are totally
honest when they say,
I'm not going to tell anybody
what I've been working on.
And then finally, there is a
process of a series of threats.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WOOD: Goes all the way
down to assassination.
>>NOORY: These are men and
black threats or more than that?
>>WOOD: Well, I
don't really have
any good information
about the authenticity
of the men in black.
But I think there are people
who are maybe less bizarre,
who are straightforward guys
who give threats and try
to convince people that it's
unwise to be a whistleblower.
>>NOORY: Our friend,
Stanton Friedman, of course,
has been working on leaked
documents, MJ-12 documents,
and he spent a lot
of time doing that.
>>TOMPKINS: But Jamie got
a roll of film in the mail,
on which were two sets of eight
negatives each, 35-millimeter--
you remember film before
this digital world.
You got negatives and you
got to make prints and stuff
like that.
And those pages had a
copy of a briefing report
for President-elect Eisenhower
about Operation Majestic 12.
And what it says in
there, seven pages,
is that he was
going to be briefed
before he became president.
It said in there that
President Truman established
a group called Operation
Majestic 12, accountable only
to the president, mind you, and
named the members of the group.
And it went over the
history of Kenneth Arnold's
famous sighting, that Roswell
happened, bodies were found.
>>NOORY: Were those documents
authentic, in your opinion,
MJ-12 documents?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
He was alluding to the
Eisenhower briefing
document, the first famous one.
Actually, I have the original
of that in my possession.
>>NOORY: Keep that close.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
But I believe that
they're authentic.
There's some argument about
one of the crash locations
and so forth.
But I think it's
possible that it
could be 99% authentic with
an occasional word different
so they can figure out
where the leak came from.
Furthermore, Timothy Good had,
I think, a slightly different
copy.
That's the thing
that puzzled me.
I never figured that out,
how he got a different copy
than the one that--
>>NOORY: That Stan had.
>>WOOD: That Stan had, yeah.
But that's a beautiful example
of the process of leaking.
And the other one, of course,
is special operations manual,
where the leaker
just photographed.
>>NOORY: What is the leaker
trying to accomplish?
>>WOOD: Well, there's
two possibilities.
One possibility
is that they feel
that the work that's being
done is unethical, somehow,
and that the public should know.
And they just feel that
way for whatever reason.
>>NOORY: They think
they're patriots.
They need to get it out.
>>WOOD: The other
possibility is that the leaks
are intentional so as
to keep our minds away
from the real secrets.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: It has occurred to me
that maybe these leaks that
started in 1984 of
the Majestic program
were intended to keep us from
looking into the secret space
program that was possibly being
built. Because in '84, you see,
that's roughly when
Corey Goode was
being trained to potentially
do a 20 and back.
And that would be the
thing that the people
in charge of the program would
want to keep really secret.
So you could leak
some Majestic 12 stuff
because that was history.
And we already have
all the craft we need.
>>NOORY: Are documents, Bob,
still being leaked, new ones?
Or has that stopped?
>>WOOD: Well, the
most recent leak
was just a couple weeks ago.
>>NOORY: What do we have?
>>WOOD: Well, we have 48
pages, allegedly from--
47, maybe-- allegedly
from the DIA,
which is a series of briefings
approved by the president.
It's clearly a set of
four sets of documents
from different times
in the Majestic 12.
>>NOORY: Authenticity
questionable?
>>WOOD: Well, let me
answer that in a second.
The scope of this,
clearly, is designed
to bring on a new person
into the MJ-12 program
to explain to them
the background
and history in multiple ways.
One of them is 10 pages of
summary of what one of the EBEs
found, extrabiological
entities found and said.
The authenticity of the
document is questionable.
Several people in the
last couple of weeks
have claimed that
it's not authentic
because of the classification
markings and other things
that I regard as trivial.
Right now, I'm in the process
of trying to make up my mind.
I've got an appointment to talk
to somebody next week who's
a question document examiner.
>>NOORY: Are you on the fence
or you just don't know yet?
>>WOOD: I'm on
the fence, but I'm
leaning towards authenticity.
Because if you read the
words in these documents,
there's new stuff that it
sits in a large discussion
of the backgrounds of
the 12 original guys.
And in some of the
testimony of the interaction
with this alien that they
recovered from Aztec crash--
and the Aztec crash is new too--
I think that the content
of this document,
which has not been
analyzed, offers
more than issues and
speculation on the authenticity
than does the security
markings and stuff like that.
But one of the things, as I
read what the alien allegedly
said for 11 months
of interviews--
there were 10 pages
of what he said.
And I looked at one
of his paragraphs
and there were two sentences
that were so exciting to me
that I wanted to quote them.
And I'd like to quote them--
>>NOORY: Please.
>>WOOD: --right now.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: All right.
"Knowledge is only
good when spread
like seeds from which
wisdom might grow,
and faith has purpose only when
it is not created of fear."
The inference being
that religions
that are based on fear
are not constructive.
The other quote I thought
was close to my goal
is that, "Our god is change and
our religion is understanding.
Searching for truth is our
greatest social challenge
and purpose."
So this is one of the ET
species saying what drives them.
>>NOORY: That's a creed,
one of their creeds.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
And so this is new stuff, in
the sense that I don't think any
of this has ever been released.
And so the question
is, well, if this
was a real interaction with an
alien for 11 months from Aztec,
and they were really
asking what did he think,
why not look at his answers and
ask whether they might apply?
In this particular
case, he happened
to say something
that appealed to me.
That's why I wrote it down.
>>NOORY: Clifford
Stone, a whistleblower,
has had some work in the
area of crash retrievals.
And he's very good at that.
>>CLIFFORD STONE: Then,
I got up to the berm.
And when I got to the
berm, I looked in.
And when I looked in,
it had a canopy on it.
And there was this
kidney-shaped hatch--
for the better word-- that was
right up against the canopy,
but opens to the side.
And halfway out was this
little creature, once again,
typical gray.
And I can't tell
you whether it was
three foot, four
foot, five foot,
but it was half out and half in.
And I could tell
that it was dead.
I started to say, excuse me,
I need an officer up here.
And he says, just tell
us what you see, son.
And I kept saying back
to them, you know what?
You don't understand.
I need an officer up here.
And he said, just tell
us what you see, son.
I said, well, it's not from this
world and you guys know that.
I said, why the
hell are we lying?
Why are we telling people that
these things aren't happening?
>>NOORY: Why was he
so emotional, Bob?
>>WOOD: Well, I think
Clifford Stone's testimony,
there is a perfect
example of what
people want to say
when they've been
involved in these recoveries.
And I don't remember
which one that was,
but it might have been the Aztec
crash, which is kind of new.
>>NOORY: He was shaken up.
>>WOOD: Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
gotten that emotional
about this topic?
>>WOOD: No.
Actually, that's one
of the things that,
I guess, I've avoided, is
I've been approaching this
in analytical point
of view all my life.
I've ever seen one and
never want to see one,
based on the reports
that I get from those
who've been abducted.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: But it's intellectually
stimulating to me
to try to understand the truth,
and to understand the processes
whereby we are able
to keep these secrets.
There's so many things that
you're covering on your show,
"Beyond Belief."
That's where I want to go, is
to understand the processes why
whereby these genuine
secrets are kept
and the things that
motivate people
to do like Clifford Stone did
and try to tell his story.
>>NOORY: Will we get the
answers that you're looking for
and that I'm looking for?
>>WOOD: I think we will.
I think we're on the verge
of really understanding
what's been going on
because we're uncovering
the secret space program and
all the subtleties associated
with it.
The key is how do
they keep it secret?
And the one thing that
I think I haven't really
emphasized enough is the control
that the mainstream media has
and what the public hears.
Actually, in one of the
documents that we had,
the first annual
report, it said,
the most important problem
would be to control the press.
And that was 1951.
And they took on that
challenge of the government
controlling the press.
>>NOORY: And they did
a good job doing it.
>>WOOD: And they've
done a beautiful job.
>>NOORY: In your
opinion, what do you
think is actually going
on with these visitations,
with what may be happening
from other planetary systems?
What's happening
here on this planet?
>>WOOD: Well, I would say--
I have to begin by saying that
I have concluded, tentatively,
that there are quite a number
of different civilizations
that are involved
that come and go.
>>NOORY: And have been.
>>WOOD: And have
been over the years.
The other thing that I think
is so important that I just
realized, really accomplished,
is superluminal travel.
So we can go there, go 86 light
years or so in 45 minutes.
We can do it.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>WOOD: And so
that's why I think
the T3B, that allegedly is one
of the interstellar transport
systems, can do that.
So I think that if you
remove one assumption
that all the scientists who've
been studying this problem
have made, the
whole world changes.
That assumption is you
can't travel faster
than the speed of light.
And if you understand
the physics
behind that false assumption,
then you'll be able to do that.
And at the same time,
you'll be able to have
an interaction with time.
So I think time travel and
space travel are interconnected.
>>NOORY: Are the
extraterrestrials our gods?
When you read the Bible and
it depicts things, Genesis,
fallen angels, are we talking
about extraterrestrials
who seeded us, as Zecharia
Sitchin has said in his books?
>>WOOD: The answer
is, I don't know.
But I do believe that there
is excellent argument.
And I think Nick
Redfern just wrote
a book that claims
that some of the manna
might have been involved
with some of the gods.
So I think it's perfectly
plausible that some of the gods
were extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: But you are
convinced we're being visited?
>>WOOD: Oh, yes, absolutely.
I'm convinced
we're being visited
by multiple civilizations.
>>NOORY: Bob, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
We appreciate it.
Bob Wood, physicist, devoted his
entire career after many years
with McDonnell Douglas to
investigate documents, crash
retrievals, and to
answer that question,
are we alone in the universe?
Well, as you just
heard, he's convinced
that we are not alone.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
>> We need to give
people the information.